update key combination (#32)
cgkineo/adapt-devtools: README.md

The core Adapt object can be reached via window.a for convenience.

> With the browser developer console open, press ctrl+m to reveal the underlying model (content object, article, block, component). Note that doing so also creates a global variable named according to the model's unique identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display the underlying model for any content object, article, block or component, with the browser's console open, hold down the left mouse button on the element then press <kbd>m</kbd>. Note that doing so also creates a global variable named according to the model's unique identifier.
```
